i
Greetings to all and welcome to our
video segment where we cover the
best sports in the industry in this
World Cup edition we will be covering
the game of the quarterfinal between
the squadron of france and germany for
that accompanies me alonso of my prognosis
sports dotcom that is giving us its
point of view for this game and where
we can find the best value in the
sports betting accounts that such
alonso how is health for you
Ivan Alonso, what will be the purpose of my
sports forecast dotcom in the
sports forecast dotcom our
on-site sports posts tips
the sports computer system
puntocom can also find us in
facebook as my sports forecast and
on twitter
efe sports very well enter the
analysis for this game a match
worthy of the end of the world cup
will be seen in the quarterfinals of
brazil-2014 selection France
will see the face against germany this Friday
in the maracana stadium a very good bet
complicated presents us this match or
in the line of bets are indicated by
the selection of germany who in case
of winning we would be paid 2.45 if the
winner of france
will give us 3.20 and the draw was at 3.30
according to p 365 puntocom alonso
what will be your forecast for this
great game and we explain why good without
doubt the duel france-germany is one of
big shock quarterfinal
two former world champions who are
looking to return to glory in
Brazil-2014
They are also two of the most
powerful offensively who has shown
this tournament and they have so many
alternatives are I have on the side
offensive as the defensive side
we have eight group champions in these
quarterfinals therefore we already know
that France won the group with 7 points and
Germany was also successful in the group
g are two of the equipment that was expected
that were here that were measured and
here we have a pretty dish
developed that for these rooms of
final that will undoubtedly have
alternatives knowing that germany
like the position of the ball and that
France has very fast players in
the offensive side
'we hope goals and we hope for a good
meeting
in this france-germany quarter of
final of the world cup brazil-2014 dax and well
alonso any sports bet
that you recommend us for this game and
worthy because to find yourself take the
asian handicap of france + 0.5 goals
in the first time with a fee of
1.35 at the betting house
bet365 dotcom that has a
true probability of 74 percent
although it is true I tell you are the
teams that have a lot on their side
offensive are also two teams with
very technical technicians and that measures
usually very much what I'm going to
make the rival of both idealize as
me here in option 22 of the best
technicians that are in this world cup
and at least we will charge if France
start winning this match including
if half the time we are on a
tie of access the best bet for
that very quarterfinal encounter
well there they have it alonso of my
sports forecast dotcom no os
I recommend the bet the handicap
asian of more equal half in favor of
France in the first time a share of
1.35 that we get the betting house
petra 65 point com
remember to visit my sports forecast
to receive more bets and forecasts
free sports
also take advantage of your free bet to
this 2014 world
alonso thank you very much and we hope to have
back soon a taste of effort
brady dotcom i am tax lloyd